I'm Tony Stark
I build neat stuff I got a great girl
I'm a chef the world so why can't I
sleep
you elected me on a single platform I
will defend this country at all costs
the Mandarin must be stopped
although I am
you'll never see me coming
what are you going to do about these tap
the whole world's gonna be watching the
question where is Tony Stark things are
different now I have to protect the one
thing I can't live without that's you
let's just start
is the first day
it was the left of your life
I'm gonna offer a choice do you want an
empty life or a meaningful death
you're not a man nothing more than a
maniac I'm not afraid of you no politics
here
just good old-fashioned revenge
we do need backup that's your department